🎲 THĒ JÃILBĪRD 🎲
(Female•In•Disguise)
___________

CHAPTER 9&10

DON'T COPY OR REPOST ‼️

By; Naomi Cindy B.

THE FACT THAT MARK IS CURRENTLY MESSING WITH THIS PAGE DOESN'T MEAN Y'ALL READERS SHOULD START YOUR OWN TOO.

CHECK THE REQUIREMENTS UNDER THIS CHAPTER, IF IT'S NOT COMPLETE BEFORE 9PM TOMORROW, THEN I'M LOCKING UP.

BETTER LEARN HOW TO LIKE, COMMENT, SHARE AND REPLY TO MY COMMENTS, OR ELSE I DON'T EVEN NEED TO BAN YOU, MARK WILL DO IT HIMSELF.

HE HAS BEEN DECREASING MY FOLLOWERS SINCE LAST WEEK.

STILL WORKING ON IT THOUGH, BUT IF IT'S STILL SAME TILL TOMORROW, THEN I'LL LET Y'ALL KNOW WHAT'S NEXT.

#UNEDITED 

★

"Malik stop! Malik I'll kill you! Malik, Malik!!!!!!!" She screamed as he dragged down her jeans, revealing her multicolored male boxers.

Adeline felt her blood evaporating over the top, and her breaths got lost somewhere in her throat as her eyes nearly popped.

"Now to the real deal" Malik grinned and made to take off the boxers too, but a kick suddenly came from the side, landing on his face.

Malik flew to a nearby oak tree, his back hitting the wood so hard that when he landed back on the ground, he was bleeding from the mouth.

The two holding Adeline quickly let go of her as they saw who it is.

It's Jinx and Poe, and Jinx is the one who threw the kick.

Right now, Jinx's eyes are brewing fire, ready to burn Malik to the ground.

Adeline quickly pulled back her jeans before standing, immediately getting the surprise of her life when she saw the girls.

"You two..." Poe said, walking to the other two guys.

"The second master ordered us" The first one said boldly, still stepping back though.

"Master Igor?" Poe replied.

"Yes! Don't try to interfere at all" the second one added, and in the next minute, Poe threw a punch his way.

He avoided it by swaying aside, but Poe outsmarted him by using her leg this time, literally kicking him like a ball.

He landed beside Malik, and she did the same to the second guy.

That one landed far away from them.

Malik stood with bloody mouth, but before he could gather his breaths, Jinx was already with him.

She grabbed him by the neck, and he immediately knuckled her stomach..

That didn't stop her though, cos she started strangling him, her home on his neck getting murderous.

"Jinx!" Poe quickly started trying to pull her back, but Jinx looks too mad to listen.

Meanwhile, Adeline has an interesting look on her face as she watched the beating.

Her eyes are on Jinx's fingers, and she's silently mastering the position of each finger on the guy's neck, learning how to choke masterfully.

Earlier when Poe kicked them too, she made sure to pay attention to the manner at which she raised her leg, and she'd surely do it if need comes for it.

"Jinx!" Poe continued trying to tear her away from Malik who's nearly dead right now, but Jinx stayed adamant, determined to waste him.

"Remember what happens if you kill a mobster unjustly? You'll get killed! Jinx!" Poe pulled again, and this time, Jinx let go.

Malik fell on his butt with a reddish purple neck, and more blood is pouring out of his mouth right now.

He backed the tree, redness covering his shirt in the front.

"Killing him won't be unjust, how dare he mess with Master's boy?" Jinx breathed harshly.

"We both know you're not like this only because he's Master's boy, but because of your blind crush on him" Poe said straight, and Jinx calmed more.

"Don't fuçking judge me" she said.

"I'm not, I'm just telling you killing Malik would make the hate between Igor and Death stronger. Let that sink in and let's go" Poe said.

Jinx released a calm breath afterwards, then she walked fast to Adeline who's still fantasizing over her newly learnt skills 

"Michael are you ok?" She asked, wanting to touch Adeline's face, but Adeline quickly stepped back.

"I'm good, thanks for coming to my aid" she said, and Jinx dropped her hand.

"Sure, were you coming from the manor? I guess Death told you to dispose her body to the dogs" she said, looking at the naked dead girl on the ground.

"I'll carry it" she offered, but Adeline quickly stopped her.

"Nah... I'mma do it, it's my duty" Adeline quickly stopped her and lifted the body back to her own shoulder.

She led the way out of the forest, and Jinx followed her.

Poe blankly looked at Malik and his cohorts on the ground before following them.

The other two stood, holding their aching spines as they walked to Malik who's still groaning and bleeding on the ground.

"It didn't end well" the first one said.

"Harder than I expected. Michael had protectors" the second one added.

Malik managed to push himself to a standing position, and he spat out drooling blood before facing them.

"This is only just the start, I promise" He said assuredly.

*

3RD RESIDENTIAL WING*

Adeline arrived with aching body after dropping the body for the dogs, and she was dragging her foot on the ground as she walked to her room.

Remembering how the dogs tore the body to pieces immediately she dropped it makes her want to throw up, but thanks to her gag reflexes, she was able to stop it, so she only let out some saliva.

Hopefully someday, she'd get used to the goriness of this clan.

She entered the room and met Nikolai asleep already, but Loud is awake.

"Hey Michael! Where the fûck were you?" Loud stood from his bed immediately.

"Your clothes is all bloody, did something happen?" He quickly asked when he noticed.

"Took a body to the dogs for my master" she replied simply, taking off her boots and socks.

"How was it?" Loud sat beside her.

"How else? Fuçking gory" she replied, and he laughed.

"You'll get used to it soon since you'll be doing it everyday. Death kills people everyday anyways" he said.

"Seriously, does he have blood flowing through him at all? Or was his insides made of ice? I went to his manor and almost froze to death and...

She stopped talking at this point when she saw Loud is not paying her any attention.

He's looking at the ground, and she traced his eyes to look at what got his attention.

Her eyes widened when she saw it's her feet!

Darn! She shouldn't have removed her socks!

"Why is your feet smooth like a woman's?" He said, and her heart skipped beats as she quickly folded her legs up.

"You don't only have a feminine face but also a feminine feet? What else is feminine about you?" He continued, and Adeline breathed out in relief.

"Go to bed, Loud. You have a mission tomorrow remember?" She said.

"Thanks for the reminder bro!" He patted Adeline's shoulder before standing, going back to his bed.

Adeline grabbed her towel and new clothes then entered the bathroom immediately.

She peeled off the bloody clothes and washed off the smell of blood under the shower.

Five minutes later, she already got clean and changed into the new clothes.

She left the bathroom, smelling like the purple bathing soap as she jumped on her bed.

She was about to shut her eyes when Corey's face appeared in her head, and she bit her mouth wall...

Just a little bit more time, and she'd give his body to the dogs to eat too.

She chased his thoughts away and tried closing her eyes for the second time, but Madden's ice-cold face appeared this time.

"Take her body to the dogs at the torture house" she could hear his voice resounding in her head, and she smirked, imitating him again.

"Icy Death" she muttered, pulling the blanket over herself completely.

The time is currently past 12am, at least she'd get 6 hours sleep before tomorrow's bustling.

*

IGOR'S SUITE*

Igor couldn't even look at the bloody face of Malik when he returned to report.

He looks beyond pissed.

"Jinx and Poe? Girls? They smashed you this hard?" He glared.

"They might be girls but they're one of the strongest in this clan and you know it. They're the only ones who ever trained under Death and they're undefeatable. If they didn't interrupt, Micheal would be crying blood by now" Malik explained, but his explanation only rekindled Igor's anger.

Igor grabbed his gun from the center table and almost shot him down, but Andrei came in, standing between them.

"Get lost" Igor muttered, his voice bouncing off the walls.

"You won't get away with it if you kill any mobster. The Pakhan would only disregard you more" Andrei replied.

"And who are you to advise me!" Igor dropped the gun and walked fast to Andrei.

"I am your only bodyguard, your only ally in this clan. If you die, then I die too. I signed over my life the day I agreed to work for you so I'd rather die than watch you trap yourself, Igor" Andrei said flatly.

Igor pushed him back frustratingly, and Andrei faced Malik who's still on the ground.

"Leave" he told him, and Malik rushed out 

"You too" Igor told Andrei, and Andrei faced him.

"Leave, and I don't need you by the door tonight too. I mean it" Igor said with a tone of finality.

Andrei left, and Igor fell on a sofa.

He dipped his hand under the center table, bringing out the picture of a guy... COREY was written at the back of the picture, and as he stared, he grinded his jaws.

"They both have the looks of bastards. I'll end you both" he muttered.

*

NEXT MORNING, 3RD RESIDENTIAL WING*

"Michael!!!" Loud's scream interrupted Adeline's sleep, and her eyes flew open.

She sat up to see the Loud and Nikolai standing beside her bed gallantly.

"Is anything up?" She asked confusedly.

"Hurry up, The Pakhan wants the four new members at the house of Orlovs" Nikolai said, and her eyes widened.

She didn't even bother to bath. It'd be too late, and besides...she had her bath last night, so she'd just do it when she comes back.

She dashed out of the room, and the guys left too.

Immediately they stepped out, they met Sin waiting beside a black Audi, and the two joined him.

He's wearing a black singlet right now, and same colour of shorts. Black shades too.

At least, he's covering up even if it's partially.

"You have the location map?" Sin asked, directing the question at Nikolai.

"Sure" Nikolai replied, and they all entered the car.

Trixie is already waiting in the car since part of their team.

Sin got his laptop immediately, working out their pathways with seriousness.

Sin is only serious in front of his system.

"Hey Trixie!" Loud winked, and she immediately directed her arrow at him.

He zipped his mouth, and she rolled eyes as Nikolai drove them out of the clan.

*

HOUSE OF ORLOVS*

Getting there, Adeline met Malik and the other two who attacked her last night already.

They're standing at tension in front of two older people, and no one needs to tell her that's The Pakhan and his wife... Erik and Klara.

The parents of the lunatics, and that's if they're not lunatics themselves.

"I'm sorry for my lateness. I wasn't notified beforehand" she quickly apologized, standing at tension like them.

Klara gave her a thorough look like she's accessing a newly bought good, and Adeline returned the look, eyeball to eyeball.

She has this habit since she was young, and everyone she knows always talk about it.

She's not scared of anyone's eyes no matter how scary or cold they might be. She'd hold eyes with anyone for as long as possible.

Klara almost smiled at her daring attitude, but she didn't, so her face went relaxed but still strict.

Maya is obviously her carbon copy.

Erik cleared his throat before speaking up.

"Welcome to the clan, you four. Seeing everything in the compound should have prepared you for what's to come, I believe. People die here every minute, and our missions aren'y child plays. Taking your trainings seriously would surely be advisable, and the one who proves himself worthy enough would go to the next big mission with Death, but remember this... Missions are fifty fifty. You might or might not make it back. It's a forewarning" Erik spoke fluently, his Russian accent so conc.

"Yes, sir!" they all chorused.

Klara snapped her fingers, and a guard brought a black tray containing handguns which were distributed among them.

Adeline was already so excited even before the tray got to her, but immediately she made to pick her gun, someone hit the tray away, and the gun fell to the ground.

She looked up, and the face she saw was unexpected.

Madden.

"Will be the one to give him his gun" he said, his attention on Klara as he spoke.

"Do that" Klara replied freely and went in with Erik.

Madden faced Adeline who's still wondering what he's trying to do.

"Follow me" he ordered.

"Yes master" she replied, following him away from the building.

Malik and the other two stared at them till they went out of sight, and he scoffed, his neck still disfigured from last night's choking.

"That bastard has everyone's attention"

They returned to their own residential wing, but Malik remained restless.

He couldn't sit.

"Wait... Is there anyway I can get Michael's number?" He asked.

"Yeah, get it from mobsters log. What are you thinking?" One of his guys asked.

"I can bring him to the the abandoned basement at the back of the clan. Come to think of it, her roommates are off to a mission, and then Jinx and Poe won't interrupt over there too" Malik said.

"Cool, how's it gonna be?" The second guy asked.

"I'll draw the plan. Anything to gain Igor's favor" Malik smiled.

*

As Adeline walked behind Madden towards the training ground, she couldn't help but wonder just how hefty he is.

His biceps are ripping from his darkly tattooed arms under the black shirt he's wearing, and his grey sweatpants are slightly loose.

It's the most casual she has seen him.

Each step he takes looks like he did a lot of thinking before taking it, and that made her conclude that he's really as calculative as they say.

She looked up at his hair, and she concluded immediately that he likes it disheveled.

His dark hair is never even... it's always sprawled out to his forehead and sometimes cover one of his eyes.

Everything about him is unique, but that's how it should be anyways.

He's the strongest of his siblings, and when Erik dies in the future, he'd surely become the new Pakhan.

New Pakah?

Why is she just thinking about that?

Should she just start praying for Erik's fast death so Madden's era would come quickly?

Ok that's somehow shitty to think, but being The Pakhan as her master would be much more cool.

She was deeply trapped in her own fucked up head that she didn't even realize when they arrived at the training ground, not until Madden stopped.

She nearly jammed into him, but she was quick to stop, and their eyes met.

"Grab your gloves" he told her.

She quickly started running to the store to get one, but then Jinx and Poe came out of the small building.

Jinx threw leather gloves at her, and she caught it.

"Thank you" she smiled slightly before going back to Madden who's already at the center.

She pulled on the gloves quickly.

"Your phone?" Madden asked, and she took it out.

He took it from her and pocketed it instead, then he planted herself in front of him.

"Try to punch me" he told her, and she immediately shifted back.

"Punch me, Micheal" he replied, his expression turning colder than it was, and she charged forward.

She raised her fist to his face, but before she could reach, he grabbed it and flipped her, landing her on the ground.

She landed with a groan, but she spranged up again and threw him another punch.

That one didn't even get to his chest before he grabbed the hand again and this time, he twisted it, and she cried out as he flipped her again.

Stubbornly, she spranged up for the third time and raised her leg just the way Poe did it in the forest last night.

She tried kicking him, but before her boot could reach his face, he grabbed the leg and threw her off.

She landed far away from him with another groan, and she got a cut in the face too.

She remained there, unable to stand.

"Get up" his order came.

She couldn't.

"Get up, Micheal" he reoeated, and she stood.

Her trials resumed, but none of the punches reached him.

He's like a mountain, so hard and impenetrable.

"Is Death knowingly doing this? Micheal won't be able to beat him in hundred years" Jinx said worriedly.

"Even we are unable to beat him, so who's Micheal?" Poe replied with a shrug.

"But our training wasn't as hard as this... Why do I feel like Death is intentionally making it hard?" Jinx said.

Their eyes are still on the fight, and right now, Adeline has thrown 110 punches at Madden, but none reached him.

He's perfectly flipping and throwing her away everytime with a satisfactory glint in his eyes.

Posing as a man when she's a woman right under his nose comes with a great penalty, and she'd pay whichever way he seems fit 

She's just starting.

Adeline was already frustrated as fûck as she fell on the ground again.

The only thing she can't do right now is cry.

She won't do that.

"On your feet" his emotionless order came again, and she tightened her lips before standing.

She lunged at him again, but this time, it wasn't a punch.

Madden saw it coming, and he knowingly allowed her as she slid her arm to his neck, grabbing his throat just the way Jinx did Malik last night.

Jinx and Poe's eyes widened at the same time as Adeline pushed Madden energetically till his back hit a pillar.

Dust flew off that particular pillar as his back hit it with a thud.

Her thumb digged into his neck bone, and the other fingers were nearly grabbing his windpipe.

Their eyes are locked as she pressed it fearlessly, and he pretended to be in pains.

Within a minute, his eyes reddened, and Adeline added more pressure that veins popped on his neck

She got scared and reduced the tightness, but that was her mistake..

Madden suddenly turned the table immediately, grabbing her own neck too.

Her eyes widened with a gasp tearing from her throat as he pushed her too,, slamming her back on the second pillar.

"Ahhh! Ma...mas...

She began choking, but it didn't freak him as he choked her mercilessly, his eyes spitting venom and fire.

"Mas...ter" she choked, water running down her eyes.

He let go of her, and she fell on her bum, shifting back immediately.

"Next time, don't hold back." He told her glaringly before starting to walk down the place.

Jinx began rushing to her...

"Treatment unallowed, till I say so" Madden's voice stopped her, and she froze.

Madden finally went out of sight, and Poe pulled Jinx out of the place too.

Adeline held her red neck, coughing uncontrollably.

From a part of the ground, Kimberly stood with clenched fingers, watching her.

"Are you sad for Micheal?" Maya suddenly appeared behind her, and Kimberly jumped.

"Miss, you came out of your room?"

"I was wondering why Death took Micheal in before, but now I got the answer" Maya replied, her empty eyes on Adeline.

"Why?" Kimberly asked curiously.

Instead of replying, Maya smiled crazily, rubbing a knife on her fingers.

*

On his way back to the manor, Madden's phone buzzed in his pocket.

Thinking it's a new update about Wild Boars, he took out the phone, but surprisingly, it's not his phone.

It's the phone he took from Adeline earlier...her phone.

There's a new message on the screen, and immediately he read it, he pocketed the phone and continued his journey like it's nothing.

*

7PM, BASEMENT*

The old basement is located at the far end of the clan, inside one of the abandoned buildings.

Malik and his gang got here even before 7, and they've been waiting since then.

Malik checked the time again...

It's currently three minutes past 7.

"Are you sure you really sent the text?" One of his guys asked.

"Of course, I sent it in Madden's name and ordered him to come here by 7pm for his night training. I did!" Malik replied.

"Calm your balls, Malik" the second guy said, and almost immediately, they heard footsteps approaching.

Thankfully there's no electricity in that area, so it's dark, but their phone torchlights are off.

They quickly turned them off and they all went silent till the footsteps got to their middle.

At once, they
